I take it you all have received instructions as to what you were supposed to do. I think the Marketing Manager probably should go first, addressing the needs and desires.
I thought that the method I should follow would be gather suggestions from everybody,. and then as we go on what we'll have to do is accept and eliminate these suggestions according to design and budget feasibility. So I'll be coming to you frequently as the Industrial Expert to tell me how hard it's gonna be to add a feature or how expensive it's gonna be or if your time, if it takes five years to develop this it's just something we can't do. because if we're gonna sell this thing, I think the best time to sell it is as a Christmas present. So it's gotta be really attractive. and then I'll be coming to you as the User Interface person to try to tell me from your point of view what are the most friendly features that we could put on it. what what's what's gonna really be what they call a sizzle,. A lot of times the thing that works the best from an engineering point of view isn't the thing that somebody's really just gonna take out their wallet and buy for Christmas for for their child or for their husband or whatever. Alright I I already did a little bit of research after our first meeting where we threw out some ideas. and it looks to me that within the budget that we're looking at the the whole house idea really isn't gonna be possible. And then I found on the internet from from my research that some extended electronic entertainment control should be possible. At the budget that we're looking at and at the price point we're looking at, we should be able to make it work the TV, the VCR, the stereo set maybe something else cute like a coffee pot or one other appliance or maybe a lamp.
Okay, can can I at this point interject something? we have received instruction from higher up that certain things should not be considered. the one thing for example something to eliminate maybe that's the teletext,. and according to to higher management the it should only control the TV,. and the third thing that they wanna make sure that their that the corporate image is being maintained, and that the corporate colour and design are being used on the product,
Alright now other things that I found out on in my research is that the complaints that people have about the remote controls that are out there now. 'Cause a lot of them take too much time to learn how to use,. but even more important the thing that we did address in our last meeting that frequently it's lost somewhere in the room. we wanna make it as simple as possible,. we wanna make it obvious and intuitive to use,. we talked about the a light emitting thing as well as maybe a beep,. Okay, so, my personal preferences in this project are really have to concentrate on the sizzle. We have to have as few buttons as possible,. because more buttons is more confusion,. So we've gotta concentrate on the features that help you find it,. and then maybe a motto, like we put fashion in electronics might be something we can use in our marketing campaign.
So today I'm going to talk about the working design of the remote controller. in a remote controller you have a chip integrated circuit which is like a brain of the remote controller. It takes the power from a battery. and it takes the input and it it transforms into a infro infrared bits and it sends it into the device, like a TV or a air conditioner, something like that so. and so I think it's hard to design a remote controller for multiple devices.
Yeah well that's already been eliminated by management, so we're off the hook.
So user interface controls the chip and accordingly the messages. it's like el the text or buttons which which are there on the remote controller they those we can make like fluorescent. if suppose a child is playing with the remote controller and a and she she or he is pressing the buttons all at the time then there should be a beep saying that it's this this is not a a you know a a action, there can be no action taking to that so. like you should be able to lock your remote controller so that whatever buttons are pressed by a child they can't be like you i you if you have ki kids and all then they'll be pl playing with the remote controllers so can lock the remote controller. And different shapes that we can do. like we can have you know a all animals shapes or you know comfortable whi which can fit into your hands
You you say that won't add too much to the budget?
No no no, it won't I don't think it will be like,
Do you think there's any chance of having ser in having basically the same machine with the same buttons but maybe several different shapes? Because we had something sort of sexy for adults and we could have something sort of
Silly for children.
And and the butto buttons also I think if you want to have more features in your remote controller then there should be more buttons. so I think we need to make some buttons which are which are like in in intended for two or three operations,
Because I think there's a lot of argument to be made for one button for one feature. So maybe having buttons be various shapes might be a help too. You know, like the a triangle is for the volume and a square is for changing channels, so that people can develop a tactile sense of it.
And display clock i if you want more features then we can display a clock. And of course there should be a case where we can keep all the things
As User Interface Designer I did a little research to find out what are the features which a user would like to have on their remote. something like a radio wave or a infrared light or a LED which can be used to change the different functionalities in the television. Now there should be some timer to set for viewing a particular a particular programme or switching on and off a a particular programme according to the user choice. and then there should be a child lock system if a particular channel is not to be viewed by a particular for a certain age, then the parents can lock that particular channel so that the ch children cannot view that channel. one of the feature a user would like to have is the compactness of the co remote. and it should ha it should have as many buttons as possible for controlling different functionalities of the TV television. And as this is my personal preference that it should be in the shape of a in alphabet for more compactability. And it should have an it can have an alarm clock. and then to save electricity there should not be much move lots of circuits and all that.
However the decision we have to take in this meeting is who is our target group. And what function, working design, how how does it work. Now, talking about the target group which is in a sense everybody,. but I think within the target group we have subgroups. we have earlier it was mentioned about for example elderly people who have limited function with their fingers and hands,. And I don't know how much we want to cater to children's use. and I dunno what you feel about whether we can just say we have one target group and for this one target group we're gonna design this one thing
So if you've designed something that's very attractive to children the mummy please mummy please you know we want it now we wanna go to the store and see it that has a lot of marketing pull.
I think the children issue can be addressed with the shape and with colours. The question is only whether our budget will allow to have more than one design in a sense. but the target group as a whole is is basically everybody with a TV.
Can we is it even feasible to make one one remote control with something for everyone, or would we have to use the same electronics and make three different shapes?
They have like removable plastic cases, so you can have a striped one or you can have a fluorescent blue one, or whatever,. that in each package you know you have you you have you have for example you have let's say a fluorescent blue on it but then you have another colour or stripe whatever that already comes in a package.
Well we may have to come back to one or two of these points at our next meeting but
If we do some more research, maybe we.
I I think to sum it up the target group is basically everybody. If money permits we can address some features for some subgroups within that. Do we agree on on that in principle, like money will tell whether we will be able to do that or not. So now I understand it's lunch break.